[music]
Patrick will take out
babe i'm on july
by them
[music]
[applause]
patrick and his friends friends help each
friend hello patrick gonna ride
on a skateboard is fun
[music]
look it sam wondering what he does
Sam's ball is stuck in the tree branches
[music]
well, some clever
Patrick helped Sam get his tennis
ball how cool thank you patrick
[music]
This Mimi with two boxes they very
heavy I should not carry somewhere
boxes of milk and FIG know how she
to help
[music]
thank you patrick for help
before ivan
[music]
patrick are you okay patrick
everything is fine but he just needs from here
you can use patrick
rope to get out the shadows are fine
[music]
thank you so much for helping friends
someone else needs help now patrick
ivan sam name together help the war
get his ball how cool let's
have fun
[music]
friends help each other and together
play
[music]